Adds support for routing (#26)
fastify/fastify-websocket: README.md

## Usage

> There are two possibile ways of using this plugin: **global handler** or **per route handler**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two possible ways of using this plugin: with a **global handler** or with a **per route handler**.
```

      return next(false) // the connection is not allowed
    }

    next(true) // the connection is allowed
  }
}

fastify.register(require("fastify-websocket"), {
  handle,
  options: wssOptions
})

function handle(conn) {
  conn.pipe(conn) // creates an echo server
}

fastify.listen(3000, err => {
  if (err) {
    fastify.log.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
  }
})
```

### Per route handler

After registring this plugin, you can choose on which routes the WS server will respond. This could be achieved adding `websocket: true` property to `routeOptions` on a fastify's `.get` route. In thi case two arguments will be passed to the handler: socket connection and original `http.IncomingMessage` (instead of the usual fastify's request and reply objects).

```js
"use strict"
const fastify = Fastify()

fastify.register(require("fastify-websocket"))

fastify.get("/", { websocket: true }, (connection, req) => {
  connection.socket.on("message", message => {
    // message === "hi from client"
    connection.socket.send("hi from server")
  })
})

fastify.listen(3000, err => {
  if (err) {
    fastify.log.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
  }
})
```

> In this case there is no any global handler, so it will respond with 404 on every unregistered route, closing the incoming upgrade connection request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case there won't be any global handler, so it will respond with a 404 error on every unregistered route, closing the incoming upgrade connection requests.
```

However you can still pass a default global handler, that will be used as default handler.

```js
"use strict"
const fastify = Fastify()

function handle(conn) {
  conn.pipe(conn) // creates an echo server
}

fastify.register(require("fastify-websocket"), {
  handle,
  options: wssOptions
})

fastify.get("/", { websocket: true }, (connection, req) => {
  connection.socket.on("message", message => {
    // message === "hi from client"
    connection.socket.send("hi from server")
  })
})

fastify.listen(3000, err => {
  if (err) {
    fastify.log.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
  }
})
```

> If you need to handle on the same route, both HTTP requests and incoming socket connections, you can still do it using the [full declaration syntax](https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Routes/#full-declaration), adding a `wsHandler` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to handle both HTTP requests and incoming socket connections on the same route, you can still do it using the [full declaration syntax](https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Routes/#full-declaration), adding a `wsHandler` property.
```

```js
"use strict"
const fastify = Fastify()

function handle(conn) {
  conn.pipe(conn) // creates an echo server
}

fastify.register(require("fastify-websocket"), {
  handle,
  options: wssOptions
})

fastify.route({
  method: "GET",
  url: "/hello",
  handler: (req, reply) => {
    // this will handle http requests
    reply.send({ hello: "world" })
  },
  wsHandler: (conn, req) => {
    // this will handle websockets connections
    conn.setEncoding("utf8")
    conn.write("hello client")
    t.tearDown(conn.destroy.bind(conn))

    conn.once("data", chunk => {

>       t.equal(chunk, "hello server")

Reviewer: You left some tap methods calls in this example ^^

## Usage

> There are two possibwle ways of using this plugin: with a **global handler** or with a **per route handler**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two possible ways of using this plugin: with a **global handler** or with a **per route handler**.
```

const wssOtions = {
  maxPayload: 1048576, // we set the maximum allowed messages size to 1 MiB (1024 bytes * 1024 bytes)
  path: '/fastify', // we accept only connections matching this path e.g.: ws://localhost:3000/fastify

>   verifyClient: function(info, next) {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  verifyClient: function (info, next) {
```

fastify.register(require('fastify-websocket'), {
  handle,

>   options: { maxPayload: 1048576 }

Author: I just moved options from top to there. If i remember correctly, it was also a suggestion during the code review process.

>   options: { maxPayload: 1048576 }

Reviewer 3: I saw that was suggested by @darkgl0w , but I complain only that the `wssOptions` now isn't used.
So I would remove it or add it to options.

I'm 👍 to leave it as options parameter, at least move the object declaration here

})

> function handle(conn) {

Author: Standard style puts spaces after function declaration. I think it is better to fix where the space is missing instead of removing it.

> function handle(conn) {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
function handle (conn) {
```

  })
})

fastify.listen(3000, err => {
  if (err) {
    fastify.log.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
  }
})
```

In this case there won't be any global handler, so it will respond with a 404 error on every unregistered route, closing the incoming upgrade connection requests.

However you can still pass a default global handler, that will be used as default handler.

```js
'use strict'

const fastify = require('fastify')()

function handle(conn) {
  conn.pipe(conn) // creates an echo server
}

fastify.register(require('fastify-websocket'), {
  handle,
  options: { maxPayload: 1048576 }
})

fastify.get('/', { websocket: true }, (connection, req) => {
  connection.socket.on('message', message => {
    // message === 'hi from client'
    connection.socket.send('hi from server')
  })
})

fastify.listen(3000, err => {
  if (err) {
    fastify.log.error(err)
    process.exit(1)
  }
})
```

If you need to handle both HTTP requests and incoming socket connections on the same route, you can still do it using the [full declaration syntax](https://www.fastify.io/docs/latest/Routes/#full-declaration), adding a `wsHandler` property.

```js
'use strict'

const fastify = require('fastify')()

> function handle(conn) {

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
function handle (conn) {
```

## TODO

> - [ ] Support Hooks?

Reviewer 4: yes!
